yes there we have the little one again
problem
I just hope nobody asks me
what kind of engine that is now
somehow I do not know it is now
a v 2 x 2 1 nv 4 is in any case
This monster is equipped with two LEDs
jokes evolution engines in a row
are installed
It feels like a thing about ten
meter long but the wheelbase is
just over 2 feet and in real life
the part always really has to mist
only two meters seventy length of this part
where I like to partake is a monster
built in twelve years by the cologne
designer christoph mattes the thing 160
He and ps have been with him for twelve years
worked but because everything really well
everything except for the exhaust and the
spring elements is self-built if you
times from the side of the transmission looks
The drive is also a left-hand drive
or on the right this on gewürm
is also such a homemade construction so there is
really almost nothing he does not do himself
has done in the very long time of
12 years
funnily, that almost drives us
normal motors
Well, no matter the short time I
spent in Cologne with the white thing
Best of all right back in
where it is now the last seven
years of bars has namely in the office
of the cologne designer